Oh, dear.
This is the legendary invitation letter
Who in the world can come up with a supreme invitation letter
Not enough five fingers
Dear sir, please come in
How could he have a supreme invitation?
That's something we don't have
I have long heard that Tianmen pursues the relationship with the Tang family
This must have been done by the Tang family
Today I must be in front of President Wan
Pierce Ye Longyuan's face
Let Tang Miaoyin take a look
What kind of person is he?
Let's go.
Longyuan
You see, so many people are all business giants
commercial giant
No, nothing.
Trash can ride a horse worth 500 here tonight
You don't have 500 yuan in your body
Are you qualified?
Didn't you say
Aren't we qualified for a business summit?
Now I'm still in
Even your qualifications to come here are given to you by me
Otherwise, you can come here
Haha, you are a waste who only eats soft rice.
Also said that the qualifications you gave
I will teach you a good lesson today
Old thing, my man, you dare to hit him too
If there is a next time
I let your neighbor hang white sails
Peng Miaoyin, don't go too far
I'll go even further.
Would you like to try it?
Ye Longyuan, we can come in with voice help
What does it have to do with you?
Why didn't I notice it before?
You are such a shameless person.
Divorce you
It was the best choice I ever made in my life